had some real characters you know Byron Wusencraft who was a Meryl's former husband who was a
international well he played darts or played darts for whales such a character such a character
hands the size of saucepans you know a gardener at the hall his life really friendly friendly bloke
you know Colin Wusencraft and her husband Ellen's father taken from was far too young
but you know would sit in the happy union smoking his pipe in the same seat in the in the corner
and always you know just a friendly tale to tell so we've just got lots of people that are
our characters Glyn the Dolly which is a new house at Lace Dee but he's called Glyn the Dolly
um and was nicknamed the uh the what was what did Paul the Hall call him it was the Russian
Ministry of Agriculture Russian Minister of Agriculture and even when he was shaved he had
hairs coming out of his shirt and on his neck and um and a big bear of a man that would have an open
shirt and a string around his trousers um all the year round whatever the weather and he was the
one man that you had to avoid on new year's night otherwise he'd be kissing you men and all
with these great he'd rub your face raw with his his big hug and a kiss wonderful chap you know
we just have lots of them you know and and I think it's those people that um make a place
but actually Abraham was named after two local characters so um you've got A.B. Wusencraft who
is still with us and lives just over the the hill along the Llewyn Lane over there and he
still comes to church and A.B. Menace-Lise which is a farm up on the hill by Lace Dee again up there
and he was such a character a gentleman a really thin wiry man that used to wear a little spotted
bow tie and he was a well traveled man a very well read and well spoken um farmer
and between the two of them we knew these two Abrahams and I just thought oh what a strong
name two strong characters and that's why we named him Abraham